add section for CAP Java OpenRewrite recipes (#2194)
cap-js/docs: java/migration.md

[[toc]]

## Automatic CAP Java Migrations with OpenRewrite { #open-rewrite }

For any Java related changes of the CAP Java APIs we try to make the transition from the old version to the new version as smooth as possible. Consequently, we provide a [OpenRewrite](https://docs.openrewrite.org) with migrations for our API changes so that larger projects can easily consume them.

### Moderne Platform

The CAP Java OpenRewrite recipe with our migrations can be found and used in the Moderne Platform.

### Local Execution of OpenRewrite Recipes

Alternatively, the application of these recipes is done via Maven as a one-shot operation on a developer's laptop, similar to calling Maven archetypes. Take this call as an example:

```bash
mvn org.openrewrite.maven:rewrite-maven-plugin:run \

>   -Drewrite.recipeArtifactCoordinates=com.sap.cds:cds-services-recipes:4.3.0 \

Reviewer: Ideally we provide the latest version here. As far as we know we have a placeholder for that in CAPire. Could we use that here @chgeo / @renejeglinsky?

Author: ok, does not work for code blocks

  -Drewrite.activeRecipes=com.sap.cds.services.migrations.MigrateStatements \
  -DskipMavenParsing=true
```

> Here, the *migration* `com.sap.cds.services.migrations.MigrateStatements` in the Maven artifact `com.sap.cds:cds-services-recipes:4.3.0` is called in the given project context. The *migration* is a container for one or more recipes. A recipe is a rule that tells OpenRewrite how to transform code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, the *migration* `com.sap.cds.services.migrations.MigrateStatements` from CAP Java's OpenRewrite Maven artifact `com.sap.cds:cds-services-recipes` is called in the given project context. The *migration* is a container for one or more recipes. A recipe is a rule that tells OpenRewrite how to transform code.
```

<!-- TODO: Move this to "Development" section -->

<span id="afterenablingodata" />

## Automatic Java Migrations with OpenRewrite { #open-rewrite }

Whenever we introduce new versions or replacements of an API version, we try to make the transition from the old version to the new version as smooth as possible. When possible we introduce a new version in the same major version as the version where deprecate the old version. This is the foundation for having automatic code migrations with [OpenRewrite](https://docs.openrewrite.org). At CAP Java, we aim to provide OpenRewrite Recipes for our API changes.

> The application of these recipes is done via Maven as a one-shot operation on a developer's laptop, similar to calling Maven archetypes. Take this call as an example:

Author: But this for external customers, too. And we can't assume they all become a paying Moderne customer. :)

```bash
mvn org.openrewrite.maven:rewrite-maven-plugin:run \
  -Drewrite.recipeArtifactCoordinates=com.sap.cds:cds-services-recipes:4.3.0 \
  -Drewrite.activeRecipes=com.sap.cds.services.migrations.MigrateStatements \
  -DskipMavenParsing=true
```

Here, the *migration* `com.sap.cds.services.migrations.MigrateStatements` in the Maven artifact `com.sap.cds:cds-services-recipes:4.3.0` is called in the given project context. The *migration* is a container for one or more recipes. A recipe is a rule that tells OpenRewrite how to transform code from version A to version B.

This is the list of migrations we have released for CAP Java:

|Name    |Description|Available since|
|--------|-----------|---------------|

> |[com.sap.cds.services.migrations.MigrateStatements](/releases/aug25#typed-query-results)|Prepares applications by migrating CQN statements for typed Query API changes in 4.3.0.|4.3.0|

Author: applied manually.
